Sound Bites

I have been developing in PHP for over <years>.
I have excellent front-end developing skills including HTML5, CSS-3 and JavaScript.
I have worked with relational databases for over <years>.
I have proven team leadership skills.
I have commercial experience of Test Driven Development (TDD).
I have worked with code repositories such as SVN and Git.
I have worked with PHP version 3 through to 7.
I have have had some experience of FLASH Actionscript.
I have have had some experience of Java and Java Server Pages (JSP).
I have worked on several Search Engine Optimisation (SEO) projects.
I have experience of developing with Perl and CGI.
I have developed for both the Linux and Windows platforms.
I have excelent Database Administrator (DBA) skills.
I am familiar with the Linux Command line.
I have been a professional ASP Developer.
I am well versed in the full Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
I have developed with several Google APIs including Google Maps and Google Visualization.
I have developed in a non-English speaking environment.
I came to Australia in 2006.
I am originally from a small village South of Perth in Scotland. I moved to Australia in February 2006.
I am an Australian citizen and therefore have the right to work in Australia.
I am a seasoned and versatile PHP Developer based in Brisbane.
I am a Web Developer with over <years> experience.
In my career I have developed complex back-end eCommerce systems.
I developed a website in conjunction with a leading London advertising agency to complement Kia UK's Walking Bus campaign.
I have worked for big brand names including Honda UK.
I have worked for big brand names including Kia Cars UK.
I have worked for big brand names including Proton Cars UK.
I have worked for big brand names including Coca-Cola Belgium.
I have worked for big brand names including Nike.
My website for Proton cars in 2000 won the coveted What Car website of the year award.
I have been involved in pitching to large companies such as Lotus cars.
I have worked with Windows 2.
I have worked with Red Hat.
While working at Reuters I worked with news feeds in multiple languages including Russian and Chinese.
Back in the early 90s I worked with pioneering Remote Function Calling (RFC) and text mark-up.
I remember the IE / Netscape browser wars.
I have 5 modules in computer studies.
I have a BSc and diploma in Computing from the Open University.
I have competent design skills and have used Photoshop and other design software.
I met Rasmus Lerdorf the creator of PHP in 2007.
I met Larry Wall the creator of Perl in 2008.
I have worked for an Internet Service Provider (ISP) in the UK.
I have worked with Apple Mac OS X Lion.
I have developed in over 2o programming languages.
I have lead a Distributed Web Development Team.
I have lead offshore Software Development Teams.
I have attended Project status meetings with the NSW Premier while working at XVT Solutions.
I am a certified Scrum Master.
I have been called on to do due diligence on a company acquisition.
I have a HND in Mechanical / Production Engineering.
